README.md, before:

# Yolu

Yolu is an interactive **travel website** in traditional Chinese featuring **Rovaniemi, Finland**. It is based on the author's experiences as a tour guide in the arctic city from 2019 to 2020. Users may not only view tour spot information but also write travel notes to share firsthand views after visit.

![](https://img.onl/57ZqH)

[Site Link](https://yolu-4a398.web.app/)

## Features

1. Interactive map: displays local spot information with category filter function
2. Favorite list: allows users to build customized list for itinerary planning
3. Articles: provides users with access to share firsthand experiences after visit

## Experience Our Site

- Sign up your account or sign in [here](https://yolu-4a398.web.app/member)
- Feel free to use the test account:
  - username: yolu@test.com
  - password: qwertyuiop

## Demos

- Carousel and animation with intersection observer on homepage

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855493-46897c76-814e-4fd6-80e5-af6c0441c2e8.mp4

- Filter spots based on categories and selecting favorite list on map page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855560-4bc63a5d-3ade-41f5-adfc-451644312805.mp4

- Add and remove spots to and from favorites list on map page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855597-f5f48c81-82f0-4273-a28c-38eba168c412.mp4

- Filter spots based on categories on favorites page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855639-06389414-5475-4ea8-b8af-443caba276e4.mp4

- Sort spots by time on favorites page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855708-3137e94f-d4a4-4e35-8f46-aac366365f69.mp4

- Update profile picture on favorites page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855808-3390d119-4349-4ad1-be5e-dc6e38c6183f.mp4

- Post, edit, read and delete  article

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855939-840acdff-dd17-4bee-8801-3ab9c5be75ad.mp4

- Read an article

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184856162-3b13f8b9-d0ad-4299-adf0-c2237c8a4771.mp4

- Link to the page displaying all articles related to a particular spot based on tag selected

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184856189-024cbcaa-bba3-40b0-917d-ffaab8a5f3fb.mp4

## Tools & Packages

1. [React](https://reactjs.org/)
1. [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
1. [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)
1. [react-icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-icons)
1. [html-react-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/html-react-parser)
1. [striptags](https://www.npmjs.com/package/striptags)
1. [sweetalert2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/)
1. [uuidv4](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuidv4)
1. [Google Map API](https://developers.google.com/maps)
1. [CKEditor](https://ckeditor.com/)
1. [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) (Firestore, Authentification, Cloud Storage, Hosting)
1. [Intersection Observer API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Intersection_Observer_API)

## Contact

- Author: Ralph Hung (AppWorks School Batch #16 Front-End Trainee)
- Email: juifuhung@gmail.com
- Medium / Instagram (in traditional Chinese): ralphhong5465

Commit message:

added removed item on favorites page on README

README.md, after:

# Yolu

Yolu is an interactive **travel website** in traditional Chinese featuring **Rovaniemi, Finland**. It is based on the author's experiences as a tour guide in the arctic city from 2019 to 2020. Users may not only view tour spot information but also write travel notes to share firsthand views after visit.

![](https://img.onl/57ZqH)

[Site Link](https://yolu-4a398.web.app/)

## Features

1. Interactive map: displays local spot information with category filter function
2. Favorite list: allows users to build customized list for itinerary planning
3. Articles: provides users with access to share firsthand experiences after visit

## Experience Our Site

- Sign up your account or sign in [here](https://yolu-4a398.web.app/member)
- Feel free to use the test account:
  - username: yolu@test.com
  - password: qwertyuiop

## Demos

- Carousel and animation with intersection observer on homepage

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855493-46897c76-814e-4fd6-80e5-af6c0441c2e8.mp4

- Filter spots based on categories and selecting favorite list on map page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855560-4bc63a5d-3ade-41f5-adfc-451644312805.mp4

- Add and remove spots to and from favorites list on map page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855597-f5f48c81-82f0-4273-a28c-38eba168c412.mp4

- Filter spots based on categories on favorites page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855639-06389414-5475-4ea8-b8af-443caba276e4.mp4

- Sort spots by time on favorites page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855708-3137e94f-d4a4-4e35-8f46-aac366365f69.mp4

- Remove favorite item on favorites page

- Update profile picture on favorites page

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855808-3390d119-4349-4ad1-be5e-dc6e38c6183f.mp4

- Post, edit, read and delete article

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184855939-840acdff-dd17-4bee-8801-3ab9c5be75ad.mp4

- Read an article

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184856162-3b13f8b9-d0ad-4299-adf0-c2237c8a4771.mp4

- Link to the page displaying all articles related to a particular spot based on tag selected

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80564528/184856189-024cbcaa-bba3-40b0-917d-ffaab8a5f3fb.mp4

## Tools & Packages

1. [React](https://reactjs.org/)
1. [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
1. [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)
1. [react-icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-icons)
1. [html-react-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/html-react-parser)
1. [striptags](https://www.npmjs.com/package/striptags)
1. [sweetalert2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/)
1. [uuidv4](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuidv4)
1. [Google Map API](https://developers.google.com/maps)
1. [CKEditor](https://ckeditor.com/)
1. [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) (Firestore, Authentification, Cloud Storage, Hosting)
1. [Intersection Observer API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Intersection_Observer_API)

## Contact

- Author: Ralph Hung (AppWorks School Batch #16 Front-End Trainee)
- Email: juifuhung@gmail.com
- Medium / Instagram (in traditional Chinese): ralphhong5465
